Attending the Future & Options trading event of Growcial Bulls Academy was an excellent decision for me. The event
provided a comprehensive overview of trading strategies and techniques specific to futures
and options markets. The speaker, Mr. Vikas Chaudhary was knowledgeable and engaging, and I was able to
gain valuable insights into the markets and trading strategies. I left the event feeling more
confident in my ability to navigate these markets and make informed trading decisions.
Overall, I highly recommend this event to anyone looking to improve their understanding of
futures and options trading.
1st
Ankita Thakur
Pune

Generally I never give reviews good or bad until n unless I see significant effort taken by the trainer n making impact on my profits.Vikkash Sir's Time Cycle is totally new concept,n to my surprise I started making profits from very first day..As I'm a working woman I cannot sit before the screen all time,n Vikkash Sir's Time Cycle theory is awesome n helpful as it provides accurate time when to enter in market which helps in making consistent profits.. Thanku Sir ..
2nd
Payal Jain
Kolhapur

Its was great learning and specially its totally a new concept which normally traders don't look at the other axis of the chart i.e time 
Great and Superb👍
3rd
Sunil Chugh
Chandigarh

It's been always cheerful and enriched experience whenever I interact with you about the market strategies. Your valuable suggestions  always helped newcomer like me to learn many things in share trading like times cycle, Gyan levels, daily analysis, so also your technical support in all issues. Thanks for sharing and encouraging me to gain knowledge in trading 👍
4th
Sangeeta Waskar
Pune

1.provide Accurate levels and trend time cycles
2. Good mentorship program
3.some thing different from other mentors
5th
Mohammad Shahin
Bangalore

I am blessed to have u as my mentor you always guide me in right directions your time cycle strategy helped me in alot and its something new which no one will tech us.. you are always there to teach us on one one basis this is something that everyone need .. thanks for always giving me your support nd encouraging me that i can do it.                                              Dipali
6th
Dipali
Jaipur

, I enrolled myself into the Growcial course and till now this is the best course for Stock Market. I had tried many other courses but this course helped me to technically analyse the data and charts. Along with that, the live sessions were awesome and it even helped me to easily understand the various concepts of the Stock market which should be known. It even helped me analyse my results and the practice sessions were a lot helpful. Now I have started my Stock market journey yet again but this time with a lot of knowledge which will help me in right trading. There were many courses which I tried earlier but they focused just on learning. This course is a lot different as it focused on analysis and practical data through which I was able to analyse the resu…
7th
Shweta Bhatia
Kanpur

Thank you so much sir for making my trading journey easy and joyful
And just because of you we can take out the levels r&s and make good profit.
Love to work with you
Thank you so much for being my teacher
8th
Nitin Dhankani
Mumbai

You are a true mentor sir. You always hold my hand and always tells me to contact whenever I have a doubt, even in the live market. There are many mentors i have seen, who just care about money and once the money is credited, they don't even care about the person. You stand away from them and you are a very good person with high level of patience and a responsible one. You give your best and support all the time, irrespective of the fee. Im happy to be met a true mentor( you ) and i feel anyone can excel in their lives, if he/she finds a mentor like you.
9th
Hemanth
Karnataka

Growciallbull really helped me grow. My old biases about the markets were changed. I found a new way to play directional strategies. Never knew technicals+Gann would yield such great results. The accuracy is great. Thank you Vikash Bhai. 🙏
10th
Angshuman Bhattacharjee
West Bengal

Thank you sir for giving best knowledge of stock Market by time cycle concept by value of time getting result some topic in courses are rarely may seen or may not be  in any courses thanks for giving valuable knowledge and support like a big bro
11th
Rohit
Delhi